feat(rss): configurable RSS feed URL (#1806)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/features/RSS Feed.md

Quartz emits an RSS feed for all the content on your site by generating an `index.xml` file that RSS readers can subscribe to. Because of the RSS spec, this requires the `baseUrl` property in your [[configuration]] to be set properly for RSS readers to pick it up properly.

> [!info]
> After deploying, the generated RSS link will be available at `https://${baseUrl}/index.xml`.
>

> > The `index` part can be customized by passing the `rssSlug` option to the [[ContentIndex]] plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After deploying, the generated RSS link will be available at `https://${baseUrl}/index.xml` by default.
>
> The `index.xml` path can be customized by passing the `rssSlug` option to the [[ContentIndex]] plugin.
```
